1 - invalid constants: (_, _0123_)
assign a; 
Select a pattern a (v, _"0123"_)

5000
1 - invalid: pattern a (_, v)
assign a; variable v, v1;
Select v pattern a (_, v1)

5000
1 - invalid: pattern a(1, _)
assign a;
Select a pattern a (1, _)

5000
1 - invalid: pattern a(_, 1)
assign a;
Select a pattern a (1, _)

5000
1 - invalid: pattern a(1, 1)
assign a;
Select a pattern a (1, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
stmt s; assign a;
Select s such that Pattern a (s, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
stmt s; assign a;
Select s such that Pattern a (_, s)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
read r; assign a;
Select r such that Pattern a (r, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
read r; assign a;
Select r such that Pattern a (_, r)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
print pn; assign a;
Select pn such that Pattern a (pn, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
print pn; assign a;
Select pn such that Pattern a (_, pn)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
call c; assign a;
Select c such that Pattern a (c, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
call c; assign a;
Select c such that Pattern a (_, c)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
while w; assign a;
Select w such that Pattern a (w, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
while w; assign a;
Select w such that Pattern a (_, w)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
if ifs; assign a;
Select ifs such that Pattern a (ifs, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
if ifs; assign a;
Select ifs such that Pattern a (_, ifs)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
assign a; assign a;
Select a such that Pattern a (a, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
assign a; assign a;
Select a such that Pattern a (_, a)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
variable v; assign a;
Select v such that Pattern a (v, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
variable v; assign a;
Select v such that Pattern a (_, v)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
constant cn; assign a;
Select cn such that Pattern a (cn, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
constant cn; assign a;
Select cn such that Pattern a (_, cn)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
procedure p; assign a;
Select p such that Pattern a (p, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
procedure p; assign a;
Select p such that Pattern a (_, p)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
prog_line pl; assign a;
Select pl such that Pattern a (pl, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
prog_line pl; assign a;
Select pl such that Pattern a (_, pl)

5000
1 - invalid: (DIGIT, _)
assign a; 
Select a pattern a (1, _)

5000
1 - invalid: (_, DIGIT)
assign a; 
Select a pattern a (_, 1)

5000
1 - invalid: (_, stmt)
assign a; stmt s;
Select s pattern a (_, s)

5000
1 - invalid: (_, DIGIT)
assign a;
Select a pattern a (_, 1)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
stmt s;
Select s such that Pattern s(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
read r;
Select r such that Pattern r(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
print pn;
Select pn such that Pattern pn(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
call c;
Select c such that Pattern c(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
while w;
Select w such that Pattern w(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
if ifs;
Select ifs such that Pattern ifs(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
assign a;
Select a such that Pattern a(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
variable v;
Select v such that Pattern v(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
constant cn;
Select cn such that Pattern cn(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
procedure p;
Select p such that Pattern p(_, _)

5000
 - invalid: argument type
prog_line pl;
Select pl such that Pattern pl(_, _)

5000